feat(sce): move sce components into separate collector (#1301)
dash0hq/dash0-operator: helm-chart/dash0-operator/docs/advanced-configuration.md

## Configuring Pod-Level sysctls for the Collector Pods (TCP Keepalive)

Pod-level [sysctls](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/sysctl-cluster/) can be applied to the
collector pods via `operator.collectors.daemonSetSysctls` (for the daemonset collector),
`operator.collectors.deploymentSysctls` (for the cluster-metrics-collector deployment) and
`operator.collectors.signalControlCollectorSysctls` (for the SignalControl collector deployment).

> Both default to being unset, so no sysctls are applied unless you configure them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All three default to being unset, so no sysctls are applied unless you configure them.
```
